feat: add masking for captured data (#16)
speakeasy-api/speakeasy-go-sdk: README.md

}
```

> Note: This is not required, but is highly recommended. By setting a customer ID you can easily associate requests with your customers/users in the Speakeasy Dashboard, powering filters in the Request Viewer [(Coming soon)](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/speakeasy-user-guide/request-viewer-coming-soon).

Reviewer: I updated the docs, if you want to change the `(Coming soon)` to something else

Author: done

## Masking sensitive data

> Speakeasy can mask sensitive data in the query string parameters, headers, cookies and request/response bodies captured by the SDK. This is useful for protecting against sensitive data leakage, and retaining control over the data that is captured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Speakeasy can mask sensitive data in the query string parameters, headers, cookies and request/response bodies captured by the SDK. This is useful for maintaining sensitive data isolation, and retaining control over the data that is captured.
```
